As you enter the first room you notice a rather large fellow, the guard no doubt. You have never known of one that did not shirk their duty and lucky for you he is no exception. He is fast asleep, likely dreaming of a sweet roll, by the looks of him. You notice he has your beloved dagger at his hip, and there are some other items of interest to you on the table behind him. Most alluring of which might be the near-full tankard of grog. You make note of the location of the door in the room and decide to. . .
Grab the tankard and quickly down it
Gently remove the dagger from his hip
Sneak past him and pick your way out of the room
You sneak over to the table and gingerly remove the tankard. You quickly down the grog and quietly place the tankard back where it was. You decide you should try to retrieve your beloved dagger after all and stagger-sneak your way around the table to the guard's hip. Just as you arrive at your destination your body betrays you and you let out an alarmingly loud belch. You think quick and decide to hide under the table. The guard wakes and quickly looks around. Upon seeing nothing out of the ordinary he grumbles something unintelligible under his breath and goes back to sleep. You breath a sigh of relief and carefully remove your dagger from his hip, then make your way to the door and quickly pick the lock, exiting with a flourish.
You fight against your nature and decide against drinking the grog, instead moving quickly and quietly towards the guard's hip. You begin to slowly remove the dagger and are startled by a sudden burst of flatulence from the guard. You drop the dagger on the ground and quickly move yourself under the table, quickly swiping the dagger from the ground. The guard wakes up and complains about the terrible smell and in this instance confirming the age-old idiom that he who hath smelt it, haveth dealt it. Luckily, he falls back to sleep quickly and you are able to make your getaway into the next room.
As much as you love your dagger AND alcohol, you decide it is best for you to forgo the retrieval of these two items for now. You can always come back and steal it back another time, but right now all you're worried about is getting away with your life and what little dignity you have left. You keep your lockpick handy and quickly yet gingerly move across the room to the locked door. Upon arriving at the door you notice a lone dagger hanging from the weapon rack in the corner, it seems your luck provides yet again. You quickly swipe it up and turn your attention back to the door. It takes but an instant and you're on the other side.
success
success
success