As you turn around from the door you find yourself inside a cave lit by a combination of torches, campfire and moonlight shining in from the entrance. As you look onward you realize the only thing standing between you and freedom is the woman sitting at the campfire, who is occupied preparing what is likely her dinner. You recognize her, she's one of the women who lured you to this place. Your coin purse hangs from her hip. You feel a small rage boiling in the pit of your stomach. What do you do?
Attempt to quietly nick your coin purse from her and sneak away to freedom
Give in to the rage and get your revenge, your coin purse, and your freedom
Sneak past her and exit to freedom, best not to risk it now
You slowly make your way towards her, carefully avoiding any debris that may alert her to your position. Once within arms-reach you gently move your dagger towards your coin purse and quickly slice it off her hip, careful not to let the coin within jangle. From there you move yourself to the edge of the cave and hug the darkness that lingers just beyond the fire's light. Eventually you find yourself on the precipice of freedom, unfortunately just as you are about to step out of the cave the woman grabs you from behind and whispers 'Nice try love, you're good, but not good enough' and swiftly slices your throat. She let's go and you limply fall to the ground, realizing that your luck had finally run out.
You allow your rage to take control and sprint towards the woman, before she can react you are upon her and without a second thought you bury your dagger deep into her throat. You yank the coin purse from her hip and whisper 'I believe this is mine' into her ear before twisting your dagger and swiftly pulling it away from her. The fire sizzles and hisses as it's doused in her blood. You walk outside of the cave and revel in the moonlight, astonished at your own luck; completely oblivious to the fact that the gang's archer is staring down at your from above. You hear the distinct sound of an arrow being let and the unmistakable hiss of its flight and everything goes black.
You decide that you have pushed your luck far enough for one night. You ignore the woman at the fire and move yourself to the edge of the cave and hug the darkness that lingers just beyond the fire's light. You find yourself on the precipice of freedom as you exit the cave. The only desire you have right now is to get home and take a nice long bath followed by a good strong drink to help you forget this night ever happened. As you make your way home you begin to whistle your favorite tune and appreciate that you're still alive.
died
died
win