You enter the next room and freeze in place; startled by the first conscious gang member you've encountered. He's staring directly at you from across the room. Strangely your entrance garners no reaction, which gives you further pause. As you stand in bewilderment they finally call out and ask 'Maximus, is that you?' It takes you a moment to process this, but suddenly it all makes sense, this poor sod is blind, what luck! For you of course, not him. Upon this discovery you think about your next move. You could do your best impersonation of the large sleeping fellow, who you assume is Maximus, and respond to the blind man; it might be risky, you never were very good at impersonation. You could attempt to sneak past the oblivious gang member. Lastly you consider grabbing a small piece of broken stone from the ground and tossing it across the room to distract him and make a hasty exit. What do you do?
Attempt to impersonate Maximus
Silently sneak to the exit
Toss the stone
You decide to try your luck at impersonating your large friend from before. In a deep, gravelly voice you simply respond with 'Yup, I needed to get away from that prisoner. Their whinging is driving me mad!' The blind fellow furrows his brow and considers what you said, you panic and start walking towards the exit as he considers your statement and no doubt the quality of your impersonation. Just as you pass by them they look in your general direction and remark 'Hmm, you sound a bit strange today. If you're getting sick you best keep your distance from me. I got enough problems!' You let out a deep grunt and exit the room as you mask your own elation.
You ignore the question and slowly, but quietly move towards the room's exit. They call out once more, but this time simply say 'Hello?' in a somewhat confused tone, then they grunt and sit themselves upright. You continue past them and just as you reach the door they remark at the sudden stench in the air. This makes you feel self-conscious and you decide to give yourself a whiff, which makes your own eyes water. As you exit the room you decide the first thing you're going to do when you get out of here is take a nice long bath!
You find a suitably large piece of stone near your feet and give it a strong toss on the opposite end of the room from the exit. The man quickly locks on to the location. As they're focused on the sound you quickly, but quietly make your way to the exit. Just as you pass them they grumble something about rodents under their breath and turn away from the sound. You quickly exit the room and quietly close the door behind you.
success
success
success