You carefully close the door as you exit the dungeon. As you turn around you're delighted to realize that you've found yourself in the gang's storeroom. Naturally you decide to peruse the offerings and see if there's anything of value to be had. After some time, you manage to find a few choice items; the first of which is an old buckler shield which you decide you're going to keep; it may come in handy during your daring escape. As for the other items, you've got to make a choice. Much to your chagrin, you aren't equipped with your enchanted traveler's purse. You picked these leather pants of yours for their style factor; what they lack in storage capacity they make up for in sex appeal. . . and chaffing. You must choose between a small ornate golden ring, a large and beautifully cut sapphire gem, and a charming old locket. Which do you keep?
Keep the ring
Keep the sapphire
Keep the locket
You decide the ornate ring is your best choice. It's small enough to be conveniently stored within one of the nearly non-existent pockets of your pants; as tight as they are, you know it's not going to get lost in the event of a tussle; which you have no doubt you will encounter on your way out of here. You slide the ring forcefully into your pocket as you exit the storeroom.
You decide to keep the sapphire upon remembering that you're wearing your trusty tunic; the one that has a concealed pouch inside that's just big enough to store this rather large gem. As you slide the gem into the pouch you remember why you don't typically store such items there, it irritates rather quickly on your chest. Despite this, you determine it's worth the small bit of inconvenience. You move forward and exit the storeroom.
As you take one more look at the locket you figure out how to open it and you're greeted with a high-quality drawing of a quite fetching woman hidden inside. While this item is worth less coin than the rest, you can't help but find yourself drawn to it. You decide to keep it. As you make your way to the exit you drape the chain around your neck and secure the clasp closed. It's always nice to have something beautiful to look at within arm's reach, you think to yourself as you exit the storeroom.
success
success
success