Upon entering the room you find yet another gang member. This time it's a tall, leggy, and very muscular woman who is honing her combat prowess in what appears to be the gang's training area. She is wielding a large morning star with both well-defined arms; her blows striking against the wooden practice dummy with thunderous percussion. You betray yourself with an audible gasp at the sound of the impact. She turns to face you and scowls. Without a word she charges towards you, morning star still in hand. As she nears you she begins to wind up her attack. You do not have time to think, you must make a decision. What do you do?
Attempt to dodge her attack
Attempt to block her attack with the old buckler you acquired earlier
Sink to the ground and cower in fear
As she nears you she begins to bring the morning star downward with astonishing speed, but you manage to dodge away from the attack just in time. Her strike collides with the door that was previously behind you, sending splinters into the previous room towards her blind comrade. Lucky for you it appears as though her morning star has become lodged within the wooden door. As she struggles to free her weapon from it's newfound prison you think fast and slice deep into both of her calves with your dagger. She screams out in agony as she sinks to her knees. In no time you're across the room from her and closing the door behind you as you enter the next room.
You ready the old buckler from the storeroom and stand your ground as she brings her weapon down with impossible strength. Her weapon shatters the brittle old shield like nothing and continues to travel deep into your collarbone, the last thing you hear is the gnashing of bone.
Unable to think of something quick enough, you lower yourself to the ground and begin crying. You curl up into a ball, close your eyes and await your fate. After a few seconds you hear the figure laughing hysterically. You slowly open your eyes and find the large female figure towering above you, her weapon down at her side.  She grabs you by your tunic and yanks you to your feet as if you were a small child. She continues to laugh as she drags you back to your cell.
success
died
captured